translation20260521en (#96)
TOAST-DOCS/Data-Query: en/console-user-guide.md

### Add Data Source

* Restrictions for Data Source Setup and Reflection
    * Up to 5 data sources can be registered in total for Data Lake Storage and Object Storage types.
    * You must use the DataQuery IP fixation feature when connecting to data sources with access control enabled.
        * To enable the DataQuery IP fixation feature, contact the Customer Support.
* Click **Add Data Source**.

### Data Lake Storage Data Source Type
You can create a Data Lake Storage data source by selecting **Data Lake Storage** from **Data Source Type** on the add data source page, entering the connection information and additional settings, and clicking **Add**.

| Item | Required | Description | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Data source name | O | Identifier used when executing queries | • The name must be unique among data sources. |
| Data source description | O | Description of the data source |  |

> | Access key | O | Credentials issued by Data Lake Storage | • For information on how to issue Data Lake Storage credentials, see the [Data Lake Storage Console User Guide](https://docs.nhncloud.com/ko/Data%20&%20Analytics/Data%20Lake%20Storage/ko/console-user-guide/#_10). |

Reviewer: DLS 사용자 가이드 링크를 영문판으로 변경하였습니다.

```suggestion
| Access key | O | Credentials issued by Data Lake Storage | • For information on how to issue Data Lake Storage credentials, see the [Data Lake Storage Console User Guide](https://docs.nhncloud.com/en/Data%20&%20Analytics/Data%20Lake%20Storage/en/console-user-guide/#manage-credentials). |
```

| Secret key | O | Credentials issued by Data Lake Storage |  |

> | Bucket name | O | The default bucket used to store basic table information, managed table information, and data. | • If the bucket does not exist, it is created together when the data source is registered.<br>• For available bucket names, see the [Data Lake Storage Console User Guide](https://docs.nhncloud.com/ko/Data%20&%20Analytics/Data%20Lake%20Storage/ko/console-user-guide/#_7).<br>• Existing data to be integrated may exist outside the dataquery-warehouse container. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Bucket name | O | The default bucket used to store basic table information, managed table information, and data. | • If the bucket does not exist, it is created together when the data source is registered.<br>• For available bucket names, see the [Data Lake Storage Console User Guide](https://docs.nhncloud.com/en/Data%20&%20Analytics/Data%20Lake%20Storage/en/console-user-guide/#create-bucket).<br>• Existing data to be integrated may exist outside the dataquery-warehouse container. |
```
